M0090IDE-4009 Add chapter about useing libraries in Applications (#468)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/sandboxedAppLibraries.rst

.. _chapter.application.useLibrary:

> Use a Library

Author: Done.

> Use a Library
> =============
> 
> An Application can use libraries.
> The SDK provides 2 ways to make such libraries available to the Application:
> 
> - add it as a dependency in the Module descriptor file,
> - add the library JAR file in the ``META-INF/libraries`` folder of the Application.
> 
> Add a library as a dependency
> -----------------------------
> 
> Libraries used by the Application can be added as dependencies in Module descriptor file, 
> by inserting a ``dependency`` tag in the ``dependencies`` block.
> For example::
> 
>     <dependencies>
>         <dependency org="ej.api" name="bon" rev="1.4.0" />
>     </dependencies>
> 
> Add a library in META-INF/libraries folder
> ------------------------------------------
> 
> When the library used by the Application is not available in a module repository, 
> its JAR file can be directly added in the ``META-INF/libraries`` folder of the Application project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an External Library
=======================

A Sandboxed Application can embed external libraries in addition to those declared as :ref:`module dependencies <module-dependencies>`. 

For that, the JAR file must be dropped to the ``META-INF/libraries`` directoy of the Sandboxed Application project.
```

Reviewer: @tdelhomenie-microej remind also to add the procedure to add it to eclipse project classpath

Author: Your suggestion removes the chapter `Add a library as a dependency`, is it a mistake?

Author: > @tdelhomenie-microej remind also to add the procedure to add it to eclipse project classpath

The jars are actually automatically added to the Eclipse project classpath. I guess this is due to the nature `com.is2t.microej.wadapps.workbench.wadappsApplicationNature` that is still present when creating a Sandboxed Application project:
```
	<natures>
		<nature>org.eclipse.jdt.core.javanature</nature>
		<nature>org.apache.ivyde.eclipse.ivynature</nature>
		<nature>com.is2t.microej.wadapps.workbench.wadappsApplicationNature</nature>
	</natures>
```
We should probably adapt this nature to keep only features related to KF-only apps.
